#######################
Memorial to our Grandma
#######################

When my brother and I sat down to write this memorial, we realized that our
memories of Grandma are not so much formed around any specific story or event,
but rather are about the rituals and environment she provided us.

For us, Grandma was a gardener. Her home was filled with amazing plants. All
spring and summer long she would be out in her yard tending to her one of her
brightly colored gardens. Every year its seems she was adding something new to
that yard. Maybe a fruit tree one year, or a beautifully arranged flower bed
another, or maybe a new addition to her amazing vegetable garden that was
already full of cucumbers, broccoli, squashes and tomatoes. She had a towering
bean pole, and an asparagus patch for early springtime eating. Of course we'll
never forget the raspberry patch in the back that we pilfered from while
supposedly helping her with the harvest.

In the kitchen, she transformed the food from her backyard into delicious multi
course meals. Having grown up through the great depression, she cared about self
reliance, and always having good food on the table. She would have multiple
dishes in the oven, and multiple dishes on the stove, and some kind of fruit
cobbler, or a pie she made from her own berries. And then after dinner we would
eat dessert while playing games and drinking half cups of coffee from the
tiniest of china cups. Frequently we played Scrabble. Grandma played fair but
always won, she didn't go easy on us and got tremendous joy from trouncing us
game after game.

Grandma was extremely deliberate in everything she did. From her, we learned
that it's not about the words we speak but what you do and how you live that
really counts. She was fiercely independent, living on her own even at the age
of 92. And when finally she was unable to care for herself as she always had
before, Grandma said her final goodbyes and that was that. She died exactly how
she lived: on her own terms.

Grandma, we will keep your memory alive by remembering your patience and quiet
confidence. Through your actions you taught us that if we find that the season's
harvest isn't as bountiful as we hoped, you taught us not to dispair, keep
strong and start preparing for next year's garden.

Farewell Grandma,
We love you
