# Aug 10 - Monday

- watched Odessin
- sent email to Pond Supply co "Backyard Blessings"
- ate leftover Pesto Pasta, with 3 eggs and a large handful of nuts after handing O off to Heather
- Worked on the pond until a little after 3. Had a long cold shower afterwards

- Took over from Heather. Was still exhausted. O and I hung out in the regular rooms for most of the
  time.
- Got a LinkedIn inquiry about a Blue Origin FDIR position. Answered and talked to the recruiter for
  ~15ish minutes. Looks like they're looking for a manager position more than a technical
  position. I might hear back, but probably not. Kent WA is interesting b/c Brandy has better
  prospects there, the area is gourgeous, and we know friends (the Tabors) and family (Rodney,
  Jackie, et. al).
- Ate slow cooker short rib stew with black beans and sweet potatoes
- Went on and adventure for rolling papers, Kroger and CVS don't stock them. There's a smoke shop
  that's open until 10 PM on Keystone between 62nd and 65th though. I got 4 packs of OCB 1 1/4
  originals.
- journal entry
- eat Cake buscuit and peach cobbler from Big Lug with Brandy
- read reddit FIRE post https://www.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/comments/i75vqg/23m_invested_25m_goal_32m_32f_w_1_child_3_years/
- Read https://www.vox.com/energy-and-environment/21349200/climate-change-fossil-fuels-rewiring-america-electrify, this diagram is amazing: http://www.departmentof.energy/
- Page AeSoP back in brain
- Bed


# Aug 11 - Tuesday

- watched Odessin
- Got a quote for a pond liner + geotextile: 1700+ for liner, 400+ for geotextile. Decided against solar for the aerator
- Pond word: Finished weeding, finished clearing the raingarden, planted the pretty grass along the
  north edge of the raingarden, replanted a sycamore, started deepening the main pond
- Took over from heather. Played in the sandbox, climbed the stairs, went for a walk with mom at
  ~5:30. O was sleepy and went to bed before 6:30.
- Ate stew and watched the World's most extraordinary homes
- Looked at houses, argued a bit over preferences. There was a home Brandy liked 4092 E Huron River
  Service Dr, but its adjacent to M-23, which I am not a fan of.
- 

# Aug 12 - Wednesday

- Watched Odessin, he napped at ~8:30
- Looked at houses, sent some prospects to Brandy in an email. Got excited about 5048 Green Knolls
  Ln. After talking to people and bickering, we think we're going to not look at the market for a
  bit without pursuing this house further.
- We set a rule that we can't talk about houses until Fri Aug 28th
- Pond: Almost done with backfill along the fence. Dug down. Tried to shape out pond countour
  (roughly). No word from the govt permit office yet.
- Ate stew, 2 bowls, feel pretty full. Need to cook a new dinner tomorrow
- Filled out employment forms for H3D, not done yet

# Aug 13 - Thursday

- Watched Odessin, napped at 8:30 again
- Tried to figure out the macro economy with Brandy. Thesis, people are using stock market as a
  savings account - we're in a small liquidity trap because of this. Also the dollar may be
  undervalued right now and will see a surge in demand when more loans come due.
	  - Action: ensure we have enough liquidity on hand, it will likely increase in value in a (not
        fixed?) money market account. Also look into a dollar currency ETF.
- Leveled out the upper contour - put a level line around using stakes and cord. Took forever to get
  confident with the layout. Only shoveled like 3 barrelfuls of dirt, but I think I have the correct
  first purchase list. I plan on doing that tomorrow morning.
- Found out about 2920 Dexter Ann Arbor Rd. The house is 3k sq ft, hasn't been lived in for a couple
  years, and is going for $265k. We are viewing it tomorrow at 1pm
- Finished and sent the employment paperwork to Kristina Wommer at H3d. Declined health insurance
  for now.
- Even though I didn't do nearly as much work as the past few days on the pool, I feel pretty
  exhausted.

# Aug 14 - Friday

- Watched Odessin
- Bought:
	- 8x 1"x6" pressure treated planks
	- 16x railing posts
	- 1x 10x10 tamper
- Installed 6 of the planks as edging for the lower pond
- Drove to Mom's house, got there at ~21:40. Lined up houses to see on Saturday and Sunday
- Ate KFC + A&W while driving

# Aug 15 - Saturday

- Viewed neighborhoods in Ann Arbor, Ypsilanti, and Dexter
- Viewed 713 Oxford. A very pretty house
- John cooked an Okra medley with some kielbasa sausage. Jeff came over as well

# Aug 16 - Sunday

- Viewed 7 houses. We liked Green Knolls the best. Decided to hold off on putting in an offer
  though. Now we have more specific and less stressful search criteria. The houses we viewed:
	- 4675 Scotts Way
	- 847 Waterman
	- 1306 Beechwood
	- 2525 Page
	- 3337 Tacoma
	- 5048 Green Knolls
	- 713 Oxford
- Talked through what we saw with Adrian and Emma.

# Aug 17 - Monday

- Heather and her kids are here this week. This is her kids second week of school.
- Dug out ~1/3 of the lower pond contour to ~4' deep.
- Tamped down all the berms. Got some nasty blisters. My hands are also quite sore
- Made a vegetable medley for dinner. Used lots of kale and okra from the garden.

# Aug 18 - Tuesday

- Worked on Aesop code instead of digging, it rained this morning and is pretty muddy in the pond area.
- Drove to Backyard Blessings for a 3pm consultation with Marc Mills, the owner. Bought geotextile
  and pond liner.


